It is my duty, my privilege to announce that Harmontown is now in session.
Once you please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Hello.
It's watching a G.I. Joe cartoon over the weekend, Jeff, for the classic from the 80s.
And there's an episode of G.I. Joe in which Cobra, the Joes are transported to a terrible
new dimension in a cosmic mix-up.
They are transported to a world where Cobra is in charge.
They have taken over the government of the world.
It's Cobra world.
And for instance when you buy something, they figure this out very slowly because the differences
are very subtle, which I found profound.
For instance they go and buy a pack of gum and there's like a Cobra scanner that comes
down and scans your retina to make sure you can buy the gum right and that you're loyal
to Cobra.
And there's a lot of posters on the wall that are a picture of Cobra Commander that says
loyalty to Cobra or else exclamation point, which is totally on the very Woody Allen approach
to despotism.
It's like a heart on the sleeve kind of.
But the most interesting thing I thought about Cobra world is they're flying around, they're
going, my God, will you look at the White House that has a little Cobra on top of it?
Oh no, look at the Washington Monument, it's got a little Cobra on top of it.
And then they go past Mount Rushmore and my God, Jeff, Mount Rushmore had some of its
faces replaced.
Some.
Not Teddy Roosevelt.
Not Teddy.
Yes.
Teddy Roosevelt's face replaced with Destro and then I guess Jefferson replaced with Cobra
Commander.
I can't remember.
By the way, not famous for his face.
I don't know if they upped him when the sculptor came to him.
He was famous for no face.
You know, I'm not really, my face isn't really the thing that's for sale.
I have that kind of famous more for my lack of face than anything.
But probably easier to sculpt.
Yeah, yeah, I'm not sure the sculptor was like, slam dunk.
But I just know that George Washington and Abe Lincoln's still up there.
It's not like I'm racist or something.
I mean, I'm still American.
I think, I don't know, I still value America.
I'm a capitalist for God's sakes.
I don't want to socialize medicine.
If you get sick, you should have to pay for your medical care.
And slaves should be free.
I think the only reason Teddy Roosevelt's on the monument is because he was a friend
of the sculptor, right?
That was kind of an inside joke.
No, that's probably what Cobra's big problem with.
Let's get this fucking Teddy Roosevelt off of here.
He didn't earn this.
I did.
By having a smooth face.
But yeah, the world seemed, that was the elephant in the room.
GI Joe were terrorists because they were in a world where Cobra was the establishment.
But pretty much the same behavior occurring.
Just people shooting at each other with lasers.
All right, so there's a new thing for the moon colony.
All right.
I love that we've returned to our premise after all these years.
Okay, we don't, the jury's still out on whether or not there will be restaurants on the moon.
There has to be restaurants.
One for Jeff, VIP moon.
VIP moon is going to have great restaurants.
Actually, I was thinking about making the moon a second to a friend and my little VIP moon is just going to be a taco truck.
Here is, because I cannot enact this legislation on the earth, that's the only reason I'm bringing up the moon.
Because I have no control over what goes down here.
But I would like to make this suggestion to the wait staff of America.
I think that when you come up to the table, and it's time to clear the plates away.
And when you see that a plate has been cleared by the diner, like lift clean.
I know that the overwhelming temptation that you've learned this from other waiters and then learned it from your behavior at the table.
I know that you want to do the hilarious looks like you didn't like it bit.
Looks like you hated it.
I think we have to stop it.
It's a cancerous joke.
It takes in joy and it creates discomfort.
You think you're misperceiving people's nervous chuckles as joy.
You might as well just go up to people and go, whoa, do you hate me or something?
And make them go, no.
That sound, that's not happiness, that sound.
That's like, oh God, Jesus Christ, this person's making me uncomfortable.
It's just sort of like, what do you want?
Just go away.
It looks like you didn't like your food.
No, I did. That's why I ate all the food.
I did like it. I liked it so much.
I opposite hated it.
That's why you said that.
Here's your money.
The worst case scenario is it makes you feel fat, like the person you're talking to.
The best case scenario is just kind of just nervousness, just confusion and anxiety.
So stop it if you can down here, but on earth on the moon that will not be allowed.
And that may be the reason why there cannot be restaurants.
That and close-up magic.
No fucking close-up magic.
Yeah, well restaurants bring a lot of society's pains.
If you eliminate restaurants, there's not going to be close-up magicians.
I don't like magic. We've talked about this a number of times.
Fuck magicians.
But magic is lies.
It's just somebody lying to you.
It's not a trick.
A magic trick is just a lie.
And when magicians, I'm sure I'm repeating myself, but when a magician goes,
if someone does a card trick, I go, wow, how'd you do that?
Can't tell you, man.
Can't tell you because that's part of the magician's code.
The reason why they can't tell you is because if they told you, you're a magician.
We'd all be magicians if you knew the fucking stupid fucking trick.
And you'd have to wear a vest and stink and be named Dave.
I don't know.
I'm thinking of one guy.
However, I went to the fucking magic castle against my will
and against all fucking better judgment because the magic castle, as I said before,
is a bummer and it smells like poo.
But I went there and I was brought up on stage by the, it wasn't the close-up stage,
it was like the medium-sized stage.
And the guy saw me in my suit and goes, you.
Did I talk about this on the show already?
Yeah.
I did?
All right, go fuck yourself.
Yeah, he brought me up on stage because he thought I would be skeptical.
And he proceeded to blow my mind.
He needed me up on stage to prove to the audience that like fucking, like it was really magical.
You mean you had to like cut a rope or?
No, he dropped coins.
He kept dropping metal coins into my hand and then when he would close my hand,
and I would see like one, two, three, four coins go into my hand,
big loud metal coins would close my fists.
And he would say, how many coins are in your hands?
In front of 45 people.
And I would say, well, four. And he opened my hand and there would be a rubber ball in my hand.
And it was fucking magic.
So I take everything back.
So you like, all right, all right.
It has to be real magic otherwise.
It has to be real.
It's still fucking.
And also he smelled like mildew.
It smells like a grandpa sleeping bag there.
The one that died in his sleeping bag.
How about the magic trick of make the smell disappear?
Yeah, that would be quite a trick.
Fuck the ghost at the piano.
Take a magic bath, people.
I stopped myself halfway through that because I'm, what have I become?
Yeah, you're the guy that hates being told to take a bath.
A magic castle should be my people.
If I knew how to lie better, I should just be there instead of the moon.
I should be just saying abracadabra and hanging out in my dumb hat.
You ever get scared bagging on magicians that, you know, you'll come home
and your bed will be just about half.
I live in mortal fear of that.
Does anybody really like magic?
I mean, you just said yourself, I mean, you described an experience that was well done.
But I wasn't, I didn't have fun.
I was like, oh, you're faking me out.
You're doing like, like it's just lies.
I get very nervous in regular conversations, let alone conversations where I'm being asked questions,
told what to do, afraid I'm going to do it wrong.
Like my, my, the few times that I've been engaged by a magician have caused me such, such anxiety
that I think I exude like a force field that magicians don't pick me and stuff.
Because I just get so nervous in those things when people go like, oh, put this in your hand.
Oh, the other left hand.
I'm surprised that somebody actually, a recent waiter, a waitress, gave you the,
looks like you didn't like it bit.
That was, that was this weekend that happened.
The guy at Umami Burger, a hipster burger place in Hollywood.
But still his, his mustache was waxed, he was wearing a, you know, half a strap of an overall,
whatever the fuck the kids are doing these days, a henna tattoo of Pokemon on his face.
I don't know, whatever.
He was a hologram.
He, he, he, but still saw, saw the crumbs and just like the 45 year old midwestern diner waitress in him
just jumped out.
Yeah.
No, I did.
I swear.
Why are we fighting?
What is the instinct to be sarcastic in a moment that should just be celebrated?
Oh, wow.
You loved the mac and cheese.
It's gone.
It's in your, it's in your boo boo's.
Good boy.
Clean plate club.
Just, just be nice in that moment.
You don't have to be Willy Wonka.
You don't have to fucking stretch my boundaries.
Teach me that truth is relative.
You're not a fucking like, you're not, you're not, you're not a, you're not Mad Bartigan.
I don't know what I was going to say.
Are you comparing him to Willow?
I don't know why that name leapt into my head.
Oh, because I miss Erin.
That's why she's in Chicago.
Yeah.
Thanks guys.
That was, that was heartfelt.
She's in Chicago doing like these shows and stuff.
And it's like two days without her.
I'm just a wreck.
Why is that?
I just, I guess either, the healthiest answer because I love her.
If I'm unhealthy, I'm an emotional vampire and I was feeding off of her.
I don't know.
In either case, she was, she was integral to my, to my happiness.
You guys, are you guys going to get married?
Well, you know, I don't know if you understand how marriage works, but typically you're not
supposed to give that much of a heads up.
Like, if I said yes, then, and then when I, when I, when I proposed to her, she's going
to say finally instead of yes.
You're being extra weird about it for no reason.
You guys haven't discussed this?
It's not, it's not a discussion that you guys have had?
I think there's a lot, well, I think she knows that I want to be with her forever and stuff,
but you know, you, you know that there's a, there's a, there's a, it's, it's, it's
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, there's a tackiness to, you know, pointing
at the bleachers.
Why don't you, why don't you be the first person to propose to her on a podcast that
will come out two days from now?
Because that.
And you can like, like, like put a ring on her iPhone and like, I don't know.
Because that, that will be her moment.
I don't want to, I don't want to be one of those guys that embarrasses the, the, the,
the, the, the, the, the proposal, you know, I want to, I want to do it regular style
and see, you're going to do it.
Well, I, I, I, I have no plans to, to, I, I, I, I, I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm,
I'm not breaking up with her and, and I'm not dying.
Ergo, marriage is imminent.
Ergo, will you marry me?
It's, it's, it's, it's, it's just, isn't there some magic to this idea?
Hey, hey, sorry you brought it up.
I'm sorry you brought it up.
You don't have to marry her.
No, no one's making you marry her.
If I, if I asked you if you were going to marry your girlfriend, you know that the,
you know what that would, the spot that you would be put on.
You'd have to, that's a yes or no question to something that you're not supposed to
talk about that stuff.
Why not?
All right.
Jeff, are you going to marry the girlfriend that you're with right now?
No.
Are you?
Yes.
Although this, I made that decision before I found out yours was going to be available.
She's a delight.
All right.
Yes.
I miss Erin.
One day.
Yes.
I'll make an honest woman out of her.
She's a, where's that, where's that expression come from?
Well, I guess I, I guess I, I guess I just like the idea that you're making a woman dishonest
like just like, I guess that hails back to a time when, when sex was a criminal act,
like out of wedlock.
Like you had to, if you were having sex with somebody and they weren't married to them,
they had to lie to the gas station attendant.
Where would you, I'm sure Erin's, I know Erin enough to know she's the kind of person that
probably has ideas about what her ideal wedding would be.
But if you, like, like, where would you like to be married?
Like in like the best of all possible worlds?
I, I, I, I would start that conversation by acknowledging that I think the ceremonies
are more for the, for the people, you know, like, because you could take somebody and
stand under a waterfall and, or go to city hall.
I think Kumail and Emily went to city hall, didn't they?
But maybe they had a ceremony later for friends.
But, but, but like the couple, you know, there's a, marrying somebody would make a,
a warehouse full of dead rats, a romantic for those two people.
But for the people that you're inviting, you want to make sure that they're having a good time.
And to that effect, I would like to do a Raiders and the Lost Ark themed wedding where,
where the audience was, was not only allowed to, but really required to help save our marriage from
uh, Destro, I don't know.
Are you two going to be tied to a stake in the, and when they, when the ring comes out,
you're going to say, don't look at it.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
The, the, the officiant will be a melting Nazi.
Well, also a, a, a ceremonial garb and he'll, he'll, he'll open up.
We'll get married by bella.
Well, all of the attendees have to dress like Nazis too.
I think that was a Nazi heavy ceremony in Raiders and the Lost Ark.
What are you doing?
Aaron's texting me.
It's like she knows the show is going on.
Why did she, why did she text me?
Read it!
No, because it...
She said yes?
That, that means Adam Goldberg is texting her.
And she's saying I do right now.
No, no, she doesn't, she, she's just, uh, wait, she's, I don't know, she's at, I think she's at,
she's at some hip hop show and then she says, she sent me all texts, all caps.
Ah, an MC just dropped your name.
Ah, ah.
And then, and then a follow up text in reference to community.
Ah, like it would be in reference to my world famous carrot cake recipe.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, before we get started.
I want to give a big shout out to Dan Harmon.
He puts the right amount of cinnamon in that carrot cake.
He's out there keeping it real.
Not too much carrot.
I assume is the secret.
It's a cake, not a salad.
Did you know that, uh, Harmontown is a Feral Audio podcast, Jeff?
I wasn't familiar with that concept.
And then you can go to feralaudio.com and, and here,
some of the most amazing people in the world, like,
like for instance, Duncan Tressel or Erin McGathy or Chelsea Peretti.
It's called Feral Audio.
Was it raised in the wilderness?
Was it, was it real audio but it didn't have parents and was raised in the streets?
Yeah.
I think it's like, like, like you look at Dustin, you know,
Dustin sort of is Feral Audio and he's, he's like a live,
kind of stringy, uh, street cat.
I always assumed it was sort of his totem that he was like a,
he's like an alley cat.
He's a little, he's a little, little, little scrapper.
He's, he's, he's, he's, and if he scratches you, you get sick.
Is that true?
Dustin? Oh yeah.
You ever get scratched by him?
Yeah, just last night. I don't feel so well.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's bad news.
Uh, yeah, no, but that's, that's, that's the plug for this week is just go,
it's a network.
Go to feralaudio.com and, and I'm, I'm, I'm not kidding.
I mean, if we were, if we were, if I wouldn't see this about Pringles,
even if they were giving us money, which is why they won't.
Uh, I mean, cause I would be like, well, I, I would say Pringles are delicious,
but they're probably bad for you.
I wrote, I wrote them the best jingle of all time and nothing.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Nike.
What'd you say?
Yeah.
Somebody just brought me some Adam Goldberg.
Brought me a weird,
lazy stacks canister speaking of food at the show.
Thank you.
Where's Bill?
I don't see Bill.
Bill's not here.
Beef fungus.
Bill got a taste of his own beef fungus and Adam,
why did you give me alternative Pringles seemed right in the moment?
Seemed right in the moment.
He's a dot connector.
Adam connects dots.
He said Pringles.
He had a cylinder in his hands.
See, wait, they're half eaten kind of bullshit.
Should we just get a Goldberg update?
Just bring Adam up here with Goldberg update.
Nope.
No, no, no.
Like a lazy stack.
Are they baked?
Or what is the,
Probably I am hot drugs.
Okay.
So that's great about Aaron.
It's really cool that an emcee dropped your name.
Ah.
Ah, that's.
No back brace?
No, I'm doing pretty well on that actually.
What's going on with your back?
I'm only going to answer questions while eating delicious lazy stacks
available in cheddar from the Dollar Store of Pasadena.
These better be good for you.
These suck.
Well, I can go point down.
My back brace is I can,
most important thing is more about my back brace.
Yeah, these are delicious.
Are you on something?
No.
You said drugs.
Yeah, I did.
Didn't I?
No, it's just a delicious flavor of Lay's cheddar.
You're right.
These just don't.
You're high as fuck right now.
Adam.
Your family listens to this podcast.
My brother asked if there are any extra XL t-shirts.
You don't have to say yes,
but this does count as me asking on the record.
Fuck that guy.
Yeah, fair enough.
And my back has been slowly recovering due to physical therapy,
but now that I'm back to lifting.
Thank you.
One person applauded and they're the best person.
It's your physical therapist.
It's work. Yeah.
No, I'm doing pretty much better.
I was lifting a bunch of boxes for a Christian film this weekend.
Yeah.
And I met, actually I met a fan of the podcast on the film
and he's much more interesting than I am.
And I'd like to invite Jay to the stage because I'm doing terrible.
It's not, it is not, it is not your fucking privilege
to invite people to the stage.
It is not how that works.
It is.
What if I sweeten the deal of some delicious Lay's Stacks
available in show from the Pasadena 99th century?
This time you've gone too far.
Okay.
Why don't we just,
Dan, why don't we just sit out in the audience
and let Adam do the rest of the show?
That would be a bad idea and let's do it.
Give us the headline on what makes him so interesting.
Well, Lay's Stacks are the ultimate way to recharge.
And it says Lay's Stacks and there's not enough room.
There's a copyright symbol and it says brand underneath it.
So please do not use Lay's Stacks, all capitals,
in a way that the Frito Lay Corporation would dislike
because they are a registered brand.
Cheddar flavored potato crisps give you the whole flavor.
What are you, what is going on?
Are you Crispin Glover now?
Are you going to start crowding kicking?
You're reading a potato chip label.
I really want to punt these into the audience
but like the first three runs will suffer more than they are now.
You've gone mad with, you've gone mad with it.
I've gone mad with delicious cheddar flavored flavor.
And 9% of my daily sodium.
I'm done.
I'm just, that's about it.
Adam Goldberg everybody.
Hey.
What just happened?
I don't believe, I'm thinking maybe he's on painkillers or something.
That's why his back braces are on?
That's PCP. He's on PCP.
Is that dust? Is that angel dust?
Angel dust.
Is that what angel dust is?
Yeah.
PCP? What is PCP?
It's angel dust.
Well this is, I mean this is conversations going in circles.
Is it like a, it's like a...
PCP is the only time, I've seen people on PCP
and it is a intense like,
I'm not sure the original purpose,
I think it was like a horse tranquilizer or some crazy shit.
And friends of mine accidentally have done it
and I've seen them and they thought they could do anything
and they really just go berserk.
And like, you really do think you could punch your fist through a wall
so you try it.
And then there was that bath salts thing
that made you think that you would like to eat a face.
What?
Yeah.
You don't even know.
Bath salts.
For a little while there, there was a spate of human,
unhuman murder cannibalism happening on this drug.
I thought it was actually people snorting the product called bath salts,
like the actual bath salts that someone had figured out
that you could snort that and get high
but it was also making you eat faces.
But I think it's, isn't it just a drug you kids are taking?
What is the active ingredient in the bath salts?
It's basically, it's chemically equal to something like a illegal substance
but they basically use different ingredients and methods to get around it
so they were selling basically what a good one to like,
something like a PCB in legal form and packets and stores.
It's basically meth.
Yeah, it's meth.
It's meth.
And you take a bath in it?
You smell good.
Oh, okay.
But there's a special ingredient, human face.
Once you get a taste for it, you...
Is somebody else talking out there?
Did somebody just take a phone call or was somebody like loaded with information about bath salts?
Because if you are, you could tell us.
All right, well enough about, we talked about drugs.
We talked about Cobra Commander.
We talked about rock and roll.
Why don't we bring Spencer up?
Fuck yeah, why not?
Hello, Spencer.
Hey, hey, hey.
Spencer, is it just me or is your beard becoming more and more majestic as time goes by?
Long time fans may know that my beard increases in length every time I get more Twitter followers.
But having a beard's weird.
Do you like having a beard, Dan?
Only if I'm able to keep it clean.
Yeah, otherwise it gets very itchy.
I find that people take, I mean, having a beard is a lot like having like a comment section on your face.
People just feel free to say anything.
They're like, oh man, how long have you been growing that?
I mean, that's fine.
They're like, oh, when are you planning on cutting that or this old guy's like, oh, give you $50 to cut that right now?
Or someone's like, fuck you.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it's kind of unwarranted because it's not like you did anything special.
You really just let it grow.
I did less than everybody else.
My question is, but there's no answer to this except biology.
Like, how do you get it to be so long?
I don't think I'm capable of doing that.
Yeah, well, what was that moving was in the movie knocked up where they make in front of a guy for growing a beard?
Can't remember.
Yeah, it's like that.
Like there's this there's this phase.
It's terrible.
It's like, I think it's just long enough so it curls back and is stabbing into your face.
And that's what makes it all itchy.
But once you get past that, it kind of just bursts forth in majesty.
Do you really think that if I just never trimmed my beard that it would ever have get acquired length like that?
Yeah, when I was in like middle school and high school and stuff, people would tell me that I missed some spots shaving when I just didn't shave because it only came in like two spots on my face.
But eventually you just if you don't shave it, it'll start filling out and stuff.
I think it's just that everything grows at a different rate.
So if you're shaving your whole face, it'll only be patchy.
But if you let it grow long enough, you know.
Dan, do you not trim your beard?
You don't curtail that?
It stops at that length?
I usually end up trimming it, but I feel like if I didn't, when I don't trim it, all that happens is it just sort of like, as I've said, it just kind of Galifianacus is like, it just kind of gets bushier.
But it doesn't really take on this cascading, beautiful waterfall of manhood.
I don't know. I think the bushy look is a lot better. This just looks really weird.
Well, I'm just saying, I don't know if everyone automatically has the ability to like, zeezy top it. I think some of us would just, I would just look more and more like, there was a donut of hair around my head.
I would just end up being like this weird Dick Tracy character. Donut head.
I'm taking Dick Tracy out of the headlines. I'm rubbing him out.
Easy donut head. Just keep playing poker.
Hey, little face. Yeah, donut head. What's the difference between us?
I have a tiny face surrounded by a head. Do you have a regular head surrounded by a bunch of hair? Why am I explaining this to you?
Because I'm donut head. I'm not too bright.
You got involved in organized crime? Not because it was my passion. It was because I had no other options. I lacked the aptitude for other occupations.
Ah, come on donut head. Don't be so hard on yourself. You get the tiny little face. You're born to be a gangster.
You being sarcastic? No. I pick up on that shit, you see.
Well, let's get Dick Tracy. Alright, little face. Later.
Why do you keep your bread in the freezer? What are you doing in my apartment?
Who keeps bread in the freezer? You want a sandwich? Now you go to the freezer and the bread's fucking frozen.
What are you gonna... You know you need a sandwich? A half hour before?
What, meanwhile? I want my face to be more to the left.
Oh, but to call the commander, they want to replace him as the Roosevelt.
I don't care. I heard he didn't even do anything to be on this mountain. Also, G.I. Joe's terrible. I hate them.
Later.
Stacy, move those shoes. You found the bottom of my improv hopper.
I wanted that to go on for the rest of my life. I wanted to just keep saying, meanwhile and later, that would go on forever.
I had to go, I got bad pretty quick, didn't it? Didn't even start that good. Just looking at my Evernote, back to Evernote.
Alright, I let the waiters have it, right? Just don't do that.
What do you mean, why not? Who said that? Are you a waitress?
Come up on stage and get a microphone.
Alright, can we re-pipe some of that now that maybe we'll edit out the... So you are a wait person.
I was.
Who has taken the stage. You were a wait person for seven years, did you say?
I had six years from numerous restaurants around the LA County that have no need for me, so there you go.
Okay, and what you were saying is that you learned from wait people.
Yeah, well, it's like, okay, you finish your pie, I'm like, oh, you look like you really like it there, right? That's what they say, you know.
Well, no, they say it looks like you hated it.
Right, whatever. Well, what you said, you know what I mean, I'm sorry.
Well, I mean, but what you said, I want to point out is actually kind of a, I mean, that wouldn't be half as bad.
Yeah, I would say, you really liked it.
Well, yeah, thank you.
But I'm saying I've worked with people that have said that, and I, as a waitress, when I've gone out to eat, they've told me that, oh, it looks like you hated it.
And you don't like that, do you?
And I didn't like it, but I've had friends that have been with me while it's been said to me that, and here's what you do.
The next time they tell you that, you say, yeah, it sucked.
You say that, you say that, and then they're kind of confused.
But if you, like, for example, if you, why'd you eat it, if it sucked, why'd you eat it all?
And you're like, you could say, well, because I couldn't order anything else, because you were too lazy to come back from me to change my order.
And I swear to God, that will make them feel worse, because the biggest servers don't.
So in telling them you murdered their parents, I mean, it comes to a certain point where it's just like, what is our goal here as a society?
Is it just to poison each other's brains and souls?
Yes. No, I'm just saying, if you want to make them feel bad, because they've been, they've told me that before.
Well, okay, here's the thing, I used to work at Johnny Rockets and Johnny Rockets has Apple Pie.
They have Apple Pie with cheddar cheese on it. I don't recommend it. You should go to Pans is better.
Anyway, you, you ordered that and some people would be like, well, yeah, the pie was too burnt.
And I'm like, well, why'd you, why'd you finish it? And they're like, well, because I was hungry.
And then they still, what's even tacky is when they asked for a refund on something that they ate in completion.
But you know, if you want to make them feel bad, ask for a refund. You don't necessarily have to get it, but you'll definitely put the server in their place.
All right, well, I'm just saying.
Lisette, did you work at one of the Johnny Rockets where you had to like get up on the counter and sing and dance?
That's Ed DeBellas.
Yes, it was.
There are Johnny Rockets. If they play YMCA, you have to get up and do it.
Or Respect by, yeah, by Rita Franklin.
Did you have to do that?
Oh, it was very, it wasn't my better day.
Can we see a little version of it?
No, thank you. No, no.
She just said it was horrible.
She's comfortable telling, making people feel worse about things.
No, I'm just saying, I've been a server and I've, you know...
What you want?
Is that like the sound of an alarm clock in a movie or are you going like...
I still like that song regardless that I had to dance to it, but I'm just saying, yeah.
It's not that I'm trying to make a server feel bad. I'm just saying, there's two kinds of servers.
They're dicks and then they're nice people. They're nice people.
Yeah, basically.
Dicks and knife people. I was like, holy shit, this is going to...
I said nice.
I know, I know. Originally when you said that though, I thought, wow.
Look, as everyone has gone out to eat in the city, I'm pretty sure we all come across the narcissistic waiter
and then there's, you know, the overtly nice people.
I was one of the waitresses that was super nice. That's why I never got fired right away, but...
You got fired for embezzling later on down the road?
No, I once got fired for telling someone that they were inadvertently fat.
I didn't mean to.
Wait, you said they were inadvertently fat?
No, I didn't say that. Well, it's like, okay.
So this lady comes in and she orders a chicken pot pie, right?
But prior to ordering it, her friends are like, oh, she just got wisdom teeth.
What do you think about the chicken pot pie?
I said, it's too heavy for you. I said that.
I was referencing texture, but I wasn't smart enough to say, oh, the texture for that is too heavy for your teeth.
I just said, oh, yeah, that's too heavy.
So she equates that with, oh, you're calling me fat? She told my manager, I got fired.
Wow.
There you go.
Holy crap.
That would be...
Was she fat?
No, she was okay. You know, she wasn't...
She was fat.
No, she was a little stocky, but I'm not going to say that.
She was a little stocky, but I'm not going to say that.
But I'm curious though, because you said it's too heavy for you.
It's the for you that made her go, oh, what did you mean by for you?
Well, I should have said, no, the texture of chicken pot pie, we've all had it.
It's basically mashed potatoes in a pie. Come on, and peas and chicken.
But you were saying for her, why?
Because she just got wisdom teeth surgery.
Oh, why did you know that? She said that?
Did I not say that earlier?
Oh, okay, sorry. Hey, I'm a terrible interviewer. I was probably thinking about...
You're probably only a terrible interviewer because you keep telling yourself that you're a terrible interviewer.
During the interviews, yeah, instead of listening.
Do you ever not interview yourself in the bathtub? You can get better that way.
No. You're talking about jerking off, right?
You interview yourself in your bathtub?
I interview myself all the time in the bathtub.
You never fantasize about being on David Letterman or that kind of thing or Barbara Walters and having them tell you specific questions?
I think maybe when I was a lot younger, yeah, I would have fantasies about being on a panel.
Let's say that you were on Letterman tonight or Conan. Do you have a Conan or Letterman story?
What would be your go-to anecdote that you would say?
I don't know. It depends on... Why don't I have plenty of things?
You're the one that practices all this shit. You don't have a go-to?
Do you have a fantasy reason why you would be that noteworthy?
Yeah, I don't want to work at Starbucks for the rest of my life.
In your fantasy, when you're on Letterman, why is Letterman having you on in the fantasies?
Is it because of a bookie road or is it because of a dance you do?
Yeah, I invented the... No, I just... Yeah, I don't know, for whatever reason.
You just finished making that up.
I take over your job.
Okay, well...
No, I'm kidding. That's interesting.
It's going to be the toughest shoes you'll ever fill.
You'll have to learn how to not listen to people while you're interviewing them.
That's interesting to me, though, because you're fantasizing about being on David Letterman,
and he's just going, our next guest is Lisette, and let's bring her out.
And you're like, hey!
And he's like, that is an amazing dress you're wearing,
and you talk about the dress and you tell some...
The interesting thing about it to me is it makes me realize the people that are on Letterman
are just plugging a movie, but it's not like they come out and do a scene from it.
They just come out and they talk about parking tickets.
Have you noticed that every interviewer has their different thing?
Conan O'Brien lets pretty girls touch his hair.
You want to touch his hair?
He pretends that his hair is alive or whatever.
David Letterman tends to hit on really pretty girls,
and he makes awkward people feel even more awkward.
He's kind of mean, but he's kind of nice at the same time.
Maybe he just plays favorites, but I don't know.
You could talk to him about that on the panel.
You'd come out and you'd turn the tables on him,
and he'd be like, wow, what's happening?
And he'd be like, I'm Lisette, mother fucker.
Well, thank you, Lisette, for sharing your information.
Thank you.
That was experienced wait-person, Lisette,
on how to make a wait-person feel bad.
I worked as a busboy once, and it was the worst.
I was so bad at it, because I hate people.
Busboys hate people?
No, I hate people.
I worked at a country club, and so it was just rich,
rich white douchebags.
And I was broke, and it was a terrible job.
And one time I came out, and we had to build everything.
You had to put a dance floor together,
and they'd put sectional walls up
and carry these giant tables out.
And the time that the guests were there,
you were exhausted and you were cut,
we always had the band-aids on.
I was serving food, it was totally gross,
and I was carrying a tray out,
and it had 15 or so little silver coffee creamer,
like creamer tins in it.
And I had to put one on each table,
and I knocked, I was so tired and fatigued,
I dropped it all over the back of a lady
in a black velvet dress.
And everybody lizzes.
I felt bad, she felt bad, the husband felt bad,
everyone in the world died a little bit.
And the husband got up,
and he just started screaming at me.
And I wanted to disappear and die,
and I'd do anything to make that not happen.
I'm just blushing.
And this guy, he's about a head shorter than me,
but he's a big, stocky little fucker.
He just turns purple, and he's like,
God damn it, he just starts screaming at me.
And the wife was covered in creamer tins.
I'm covered in shame,
and I just looked at the guy and I go,
enough.
And I put my finger in his face,
and he kept yelling, I go, shut up.
Like, you're yelling is not making her happier.
Like, you need, I'm going to murder you,
because you're making this worse.
And then I called my manager a cunt, and I left.
For those listening, Jeff just applauded himself.
For those listening, I frequently am underneath the podium.
I'm frequently applauding myself.
I think every time I've ever quit a job,
I've called somebody a cunt.
It's better in England, right?
It's more of a terrible word here.
I meant it to hurt.
I worked in a trade,
I just stole everything.
There's nothing worse you could call another man
than the c-word,
because it's a horrible word to call a woman.
And then you're, so then you're calling a man.
Like, when I've been really angry
in like, kind of like,
I can't even think of examples,
but like when it's sort of like that primal
man-on-man rage.
Like, when I really want a guy to feel really terrible
about himself,
I call him the worst word you can call a woman,
which is interesting.
It's kind of the opposite of interesting.
So like, the most obvious thing in the world.
What was the last job you had,
like before a writer,
like the actual like, like a nine to five,
or like an actual job job?
The last time, I mean,
I think it was as a data entry clerk,
I think that was my last real job.
I think after I quit that,
I was like, I can't,
because I was,
like to run down my curriculum vitae.
Is that how you say that?
Yeah.
A lot of resume writers here
that have that on their CV.
The,
I was,
I worked as a caddy at the,
at a country club.
It was awful.
Like you're working for like way sub minimum wage.
You have to get like this permit
that allows you to be working
for not really any money at all.
And then, so you're just reliant on these tips.
And it was like,
this Milwaukee country club.
It wasn't like,
it wasn't like they were just like,
throwing fifties around.
Like they would just give you a dollar after you.
I've had caddies before,
like a nice course,
as I friends are good golfers,
and I get to go play with them.
And the caddies are actually like,
they help you read your putts.
They tell you what club selection they give you.
Do you have any golf knowledge?
I would just fake it.
I would go,
cause like,
cause the guy would go like,
oh, you know,
like I remember,
I remember one triumph was the guy going like,
so what do you think?
Like,
five wood.
And I was like,
ah,
ah.
I was like,
ah, three,
three, huh?
And I was like,
yeah,
yeah.
And then he,
and then he hit it,
and he got on the,
got on the,
across this body of water.
It was like,
it was like a river between the,
I don't think he got on the green,
but,
but he,
he was like,
it landed,
and then he was like,
huh,
ah,
you were right.
And he said,
he said,
if I used a five,
I would have been swimming.
And I was like,
yeah,
yeah.
Oh yeah.
You'd have been wet,
Jack.
Then you,
then you need to get a snorkel,
snorkel porker out.
Snorkel porker.
But you,
you had to,
you had to clean their clubs
at the end of everything.
It was like,
like,
like you could haul their clubs.
That's some heavy shit, dude.
Like,
like a bag of golf clubs.
And then,
and then sometimes 18 holes.
And then like,
get,
get it back to the so-called caddy shack,
which is not as fun as it sounds.
And,
and,
and wash the fucking grass stains
out of the,
out of the ridges in their clubs
for 40 minutes with a toothbrush.
And then eventually one of them,
they'll come over and they'll give you a dollar.
A dollar?
Well, this was back in the 40s, right?
This was,
this was Carter dollars.
They were,
they were,
they weren't worth as much,
but there was also no oil.
I don't know.
Uh,
my longest job was a dishwasher
at the rehab center.
Uh,
at Milwaukee.
I would wash dishes.
Spencer,
do you miss your job at Apple?
I miss the people.
I think that a lot of the people I worked with
were really awesome,
but I don't miss like anything else about the job.
Do you miss Steve Jobs?
No.
Did he ever come in and go like,
Teamwork?
Yeah.
No, we hung out a few times.
You lying?
Yeah.
I just,
I answered the phones all the time.
Like,
like it is really stupid,
like terrible stuff.
So I mean,
I,
when I,
when I applied for the job,
I was like,
how much phones are involved?
One.
And then I got hired and they're like,
we're adjusting our positions.
So you answered the phone now.
So it was like,
it was the worst possible situation for me
because I hate dealing with idiots.
I can't see.
So, I mean,
no, but it was really terrible.
People would be all like,
hey,
I got an iPad.
Okay.
Yeah.
It takes pictures.
They don't even have anything to say.
Just lonely people talking.
It's just called to talk.
I'm taking a picture of my phone.
Yeah.
So can you see me doing that?
Well,
let me,
let me be,
let me be an Apple phone answerer
and you be the worst,
the amalgam of all the Apple people
or just an,
or just an example of an Apple experience.
You hate it.
All right.
Hello, Apple.
Yeah.
I got an iPad,
three G's or something.
I think it's a,
it's got a touch pad on the top.
Is this based in reality?
Normally when there's icons,
you see icons,
but I'm just seeing a black Apple
on a gray background.
Oh,
it sounds like your product is starting up.
I know that.
No,
it's been like this since I got it.
So is it,
is it an iPad or?
Yeah,
it's on my table.
Hold on,
the kettle's going.
Okay.
I have a follow-up,
I have a follow-up.
Dan,
can you be the Apple employee,
but also be Cobra Commander at the same time?
Okay.
All right,
new phone call.
Now,
Cobra,
Cobra Command has done such a good job
of running the country that now it's,
yeah,
Cobra Commander's just working at an Apple store.
Ring, ring.
I have been on 15 different lines
I've been transferred seven times.
I don't know how Apple products work.
Your company is garbage.
Can you give me all the free stuff?
I appreciate your situation.
Would you please,
just relax for a moment.
This is the first time I'm speaking to you.
Your company has charged me four times
in the last month
for bills I haven't seen.
I've never seen any certificates
or receipts.
I didn't even know I'd be charged
for stuff like HBO.
It sounds like you're describing something
other than Apple, sir.
This is the AT&T store.
This is Apple.
The AT&T store.
I called AT&T corporate
and they transferred me here.
Later.
Hello, AT&T.
This is Destro.
He transfers all the AT&T calls
to Cobra Commander
because he hates him.
There was some crazy shit going on
in GI Joe, man.
Right when they ended,
that was when Destro
and Professor Meinbender
went off on the side
and they were like,
I don't think Cobra Commander's doing
a very good job.
They made Serpentor
out of the DNA
of, like,
85 different, like,
dictators
except Hitler.
But it's like the elephant in the room.
They're like,
we're going to get a till of the hood
and Genghis Khan
and you're like a kid going,
what about Hitler?
Yeah.
We're not tooth bags.
Napoleon
and Alexander,
the great
Vlad the Impaler was in there
and then they
somebody was like, yeah.
They,
and they activated Serpentor
and
he, of course,
they put some frog DNA in there
or something that made Serpentor,
like, really unruly.
So then, toward the end
of GI Joe, like,
Destro was going back to Cobra
Commander and going, I'm sorry.
I've kind of fucked up.
And they were forming like a new,
there were like three organizations
that were all fighting each other.
The thing about GI Joe is
GI Joe had its shit together,
ran the government
and there was no infighting
and then Cobra was just like,
you couldn't get through a day over there.
It was just like,
why are you always implying
that I'm not good?
I didn't say that.
I just think we should send
the microchips to the rockets.
They were like, oh, your insolence
will be demanded.
They were their own worst enemy.
Your insolence will be what?
Demanded, I don't know.
They were self-destructive, I'm telling you.
They demanded insolence.
All right.
Spencer, do you think you're ever going to get married?
I mean, God willing.
You want to be married?
Sure.
And religiously, of course.
Yeah, I was going to say
only religiously, but that's not very funny.
Where would your ideal wedding take place?
I don't care.
Why does that matter?
It's supposed to be for the bride, right?
Well, for both.
I say for the people that have to sit there.
Well, fuck them.
No, the whole inviting them to the wedding
is fuck them.
When they get there, they want to get drunk
and they won't.
That would be pretty good, though, to have
a Raiders of the Lost Ark wedding,
but you have to make everyone that comes,
including grandma and grandpa,
and then they all get melted.
There's all these pyrotechnics and stuff,
and then these light beams go through their torsos.
Yeah, I just think, I mean, I wouldn't mind...
I kind of want
there to be a character
at my wedding.
Not even just at the reception.
At the actual, you know, that idea of
you're getting married
and then someone comes in
from the back and says, like,
I don't think they should get married,
and then, like, you sort and fight them.
And then you get married.
Just so that the audience has something.
I've been a guy in the drawing.
His wife is Scottish
and they got married in Scotland,
and the ring bearer was the owl
from...
What's the owl from Harry Potter?
Yeah, like, he fucking flew in
and brought the ring.
And there's a picture of
the owl flying in
with the ring, and the crowd's like,
what the fuck?
Is that headwind?
Or headwind?
So you got to outdo that.
You got the budget.
Yeah, but I want a nest egg.
I'm going to become very miserly,
because I want to retire
and I don't want to have to
worry about running out of money.
So I'm going to become very
thrifty.
I'm just going to get married
and stack
a bunch of milk crates
and
knock them down and then say,
I do.
The ring will be in one of the crates,
I don't know.
You guys going to have kids?
That to me is the larger
point of getting married.
Although Rob, Schrab, and Kate throwing,
they don't seem to have any plans to have kids,
they were together for so long,
as Rob said very touchingly.
He had run out of ways to
make her understand how much he loved her,
and so they decided to get married.
Which was one of the most romantic weddings in the world,
because they didn't have to.
It wasn't like a precursor to having kids
that it weren't divorced, as usually is the case.
You knew
that they were going to be together forever,
because they didn't have to get married.
They already lived together for like eight years,
and then they were just getting married,
and that was the first wedding I was at,
that I was like, holy shit, this is the real deal.
You guys should get married to Harmontown.
It just seems a little tacky.
Not that you applauded something tacky,
for those of you who started applauding.
It's like Tiny Tim getting married
on Carson or something.
What was that?
What?
He's referencing some old shit.
Uh,
you know, it's like,
Adam, are you going to get married?
Sure, why not.
Okay.
Geez.
She's not.
What would be the most romantic wedding?
How would you get married?
I was in Barcelona once,
when I was really broke,
and I was on a cruise ship,
and we made a bunch of money on the ship,
and I just took the money I made
and stayed in Barcelona for a few days.
And I was walking around the Gothic Quarter,
and it's like very narrow streets,
and there's like Salvador Dal,
you know, like exhibits and stuff,
and there's really cool little fruit stands,
and then it opened up into this big square,
and there was like, the streets are so narrow,
you can't really see the top of buildings,
and I walked in, and it was the biggest cathedral in the world.
It was just like this enormous,
huge cathedral, and there was a choir singing
from somewhere.
You couldn't even see where the choir was,
and on the far side, there was a wedding going on.
There was like 12 people there.
In the back, there were old ladies lighting candles,
and it was very Catholic and doing that,
but in the distance, it was like falsetto choir singing,
and there was a wedding going on.
There was doves flying around in the rafters,
and it was really lonely and like somber,
and I thought that's how I would do it.
And I would invite like a few people,
and I would come back to LA,
and have a big party for everybody else,
but whoever wanted to come out to
like, whatever part of Europe or wherever
we found the cool castle, we would do it there.
Hmm, alright.
He's applauded himself.
I'll see if I can make it.
I don't know.
Sounds a little...
It's knobby.
You're invited.
I don't know if I'd fit in.
Seems a little fancy,
but it's like a coffee commercial.
Exactly, this would be IP.
You'd love it because nothing would be required of you.
You would just come, and then it would be over,
and then we'd all go out and have a drink.
Alright.
You got me at the close.
Alright, well, why don't we roll into
our role-playing adventure?
Let's do it.
Nice and early.
Are we bringing up guests to play Camille
or Erin, or should we just go...
What do you think, Spencer?
Al fresco.
Whatever you guys want.
Ah, come on.
Have a opinion.
I'm dying.
You're dying?
It's more of like an observation, really.
Not really an opinion.
Are you really dying, Spencer?
Nah, I'm cool.
Were you bummed when Steve Jobs died?
No, no.
Quite the opposite.
I'm actually...
I'm more bothered by it now, like, retroactively
than I was when it, like, happened.
Because it affected the health plan?
No, I mean, that didn't happen, like,
I don't even think I got a job until after he died
or whatever.
I mean, I don't know, but it's just...
I mean, he was like a genius.
Yeah, he's a visionary.
Yeah, there's not too many people like that,
and it's like, you know, the world can kind of
spin its wheels and, like, march in exerably forward,
but all the good leaps are by some crazy cool guy
that, like, leads people.
You kind of pointed at me when you said that.
Yeah.
What I'm trying to say is it takes a special kind of person
with a special kind of charisma.
He didn't point at you.
His hand moved toward his backpack.
No, he just kind of flicked his wrist a little bit.
I felt like it was pointing at me.
A perceived point.
Well, you know, Jeff, the world can move
in exerably forward, but the kinds of people
who decide they want to be pointed at
get pointed at.
I'm the Steve Jobs of thinking people
are pointing at me.
I don't know how I went down this rabbit hole,
but I was looking at quotes from him and stuff.
This is really a very interesting guy.
Isn't there a biopic coming out about him?
Isn't Ashton Kutcher playing that?
Yeah, he's a trainwreck.
I don't know why that's a bummer, but it is.
Ashton Kutcher won the Teen Choice Award.
There's a video that went kind of viral
of Ashton Kutcher winning his Teen Choice Award,
and he went up and he broke it down.
He said that his first name is not Ashton.
That's Chris or something.
Chris Kutcher.
It occurs to me, Anatoly, that that is what...
Okay, this is a fucking deep-cut
Harmontown reference, but when Anatoly
was at the Rick and Morty panel at Comic-Con
and you were pointing at your shirt
you had an Archer t-shirt on,
that's what I thought you were saying.
Ashton Kutcher.
Anyways.
But Ashton Kutcher went up and he...
You know, there's just 16-year-old girls
screaming the whole time he's talking,
but he decided to
profess the virtues of hard labor
and creativity.
He said, I never had a job
that I felt above.
I've swept floors,
I've done this, I've done that,
and I never felt like I was above my job.
I just worked hard and tried to get a better job,
which is sort of,
you know, it's not very subversive,
but
I guess it's better than everyone dreams
so you can have a limo too.
And then he...
The nicer thing was that he really
espoused the virtues of
being a proactive, creative thinker.
He said, you know,
you don't live within the world
that you're going into.
You don't get it as a thing that needs to be expanded
and built upon.
Go to the moon, Dan Harmon, he said.
So when you're at home,
Jimmy's watching the Teen Choice Awards.
I'm like, wait a minute,
there's no teens on here.
Back to 4chan.
I misinterpreted the title of this thing entirely.
This is a bunch of old guys accepting awards.
But anyways, Ashton Kutcher.
His name's not Ashton.
And he's going to be playing Steve Jobs,
who I just found out years after he died
was an interesting guy.
It was right under my nose that he was
using all his products,
calling Spencer at work,
just to tell him that
there's a camera in it.
Let's do this.
So no people then?
So you want people up there?
No, I'm just clarifying.
Seems like he wants people.
What should we base our who we bring up on?
I know the subreddit,
the Harmontown subreddit,
was very enthralled with young Tyler last week.
Is it a meritocracy?
Does he just earn another chance
on the wheel?
I think he earned it.
Maybe we bring Tyler up
and we bring someone new up.
Okay.
What's that?
Tyler and Lizette, would you like to play?
Sure.
Okay.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
Spencer, just to make things different,
the description of the catch is up to date.
Can we do it to the song?
Can we?
Yeah, sure, why not?
I'm going to start it from the top.
I should hope so.
The character shoots are being dispensered?
Thank you, Tyler.
There's like three name puns that exist for me
and I've heard them all.
What are the other two?
I have no idea.
I'm not going to abuse that power.
I just want to know what the other two are.
Yeah, I know, but no one that will ever hear this
interacts with me on any level or medium.
Would you rather simply
arm us and be done with it
or sit through the next 10-minute brainstorming session?
Because the suspense is killing me.
Two out of three.
It sounds like dispensership.
That's the third.
No, that's the...
Dispensership?
Well, you already did dispensership.
He was doing censorship.
Yeah, no.
I'm done.
Sounds like you had it really bad.
My last name rhymed
with the lead
selling toilet paper.
There was commercials all over the...
Did anyone literally call you
don't squeeze the Harmon?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Every day.
You guys are too young to remember.
There was this guy, Mr. Whipple.
Apparently, people loved wiping their ass
in the 70s.
There's that cartoon bear now,
which I think is interesting.
People latch on
to pop culture references
just to make fun of you.
I'm Tyler and on the late end of high school
that was coming up like, oh, what's up, Tyler Durden?
I'm like, I'm not insulted?
Yeah, that's just
future Verizon employees just exercising
their little muscle
in the back of their spine.
Lisette, did you get teased?
Did your name rhyme with anything funny?
Or is there a Lisette tease?
I got teased in high school
because I was really tall and skinny
and I had perfect skin and really nice hair.
She is very beautiful
for the record.
I was about to tease you
for the same reasons.
She's so pretty.
I looked relatively normal
but the second I opened my mouth
it was like, oh, she's a dork. Never mind.
She looks okay, but she's pretty nerdy,
so yeah, I got made fun of
numerous times, numerous.
The worst one I ever heard
was about this girl, Leah.
I don't know if it was JD's wife
or I was
having this conversation with a woman
named Leah
and
we were talking about, well, what was the
horrible thing they said about you on the playground?
She was like, man, I had the worst
and I thought of her name and I was like, what, Princess Leah?
What? She was like,
Leotard.
They called her Leotard.
The first thing that came to mind was like, Dyer,
Leah? Diarrhea.
Such a pretty name
and then so maligned.
Yeah, if you want to name a kid
a name that cannot be teased, Jeff Davis,
nothing funny rhymes with that.
It's...
Jeff Gavis.
Gavis, yeah, but it's like, it doesn't really
hurt you because you're so gay.
Which is great.
Because gay people are amazing.
That wedding you described, super gay.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to marry a dude there.
Have you ever been to a gay wedding?
Uh, yeah.
No, I haven't.
Have you? No.
I don't think. Are you proposing?
Am I what? Am I proposing?
Have you ever been to a gay wedding?
Would you like to?
Let's have a gay wedding right now.
I extend a hand.
You open up a jack-o'-lantern and there's a ring.
Also happy Halloween, apparently.
I don't know.
No, I don't think I have...
That's not true. I've actually been...
I have been to a gay wedding.
I guess it's a good sign that I can't really
remember.
Oh, you're an alcoholic.
Yeah, I mean, I don't have a good memory,
but that's a good sign
that I wasn't like,
fuck, I'll never forget that gay wedding!
It was so gay!
It was like, you know, if I was
at a gay wedding, two men
decided to spend the rest of their lives together
and blend it into the other people.
All weddings are gay.
They are the gayest things that street people can ever do.
Which is another reason
why gay marriage should absolutely be a thing.
It's like, let these people
into their house.
They've been planning all of our weddings forever.
Exactly.
That's the thing.
So in a normal wedding, the dudes pretty much just
hands off whatever you do, whatever you want to do, honey.
Is it in the situation of a gay wedding where
they're both really hands-on and that's even worse?
No, I think in most couples,
there's always the male
archetype and the female archetype, regardless of
what your sex is, I think.
Maybe I'm just saying because
my, okay, I'm sorry,
but my lovely
my lovely cousin who is gay
was going to marry his boyfriend,
but, you know,
I'm allowed an opinion and I just think
that most couples are the dude and there's the girl
regardless of what sex you are, that could
be an archetype, I'm just saying,
so I'm allowed an opinion so y'all can suck it, okay?
I was very defensive about that.
I don't like being told that I'm wrong and even if I'm wrong,
disrespect the fact that I'm up here talking.
Thank you, I'm just saying.
Who was groaning out there?
You, ma'am, you just agree with that?
That there's a male and female archetype?
I mean, it's just not true.
Yeah, it's just not true.
That's a stereotype that's existed.
Well, nothing's true that you're going to say
about everybody, yeah, so.
Yeah, I just think it's unfair to make
those sorts of generalizations,
and as someone who
is queer and who knows
or has experienced a fair amount of gay weddings,
there are plenty of people where both members
of the couple are instantly involved with all
of the planning, and straight weddings, too.
Like, my friends just got married,
they were both
totally hands-on, so, you know.
That's one of the first questions
that straight people have about gay people is,
is there a,
whether it's a lesbian couple
or a gay male couple,
that's the first question is,
is there a hierarchy?
But really, the obvious answer is,
because I'm in a relationship where
there's no clear hierarchy.
Like, I'm not.
So obviously, there's not going to be always
a
dude
and a, I don't even know
how to use the language without a...
I said I'd marry you, dude.
Do you think that's like the rationalization
of straight people who don't know
any better, where it's just like, I don't,
you're the same, like, what do you use to do, right?
Well, I don't think it's just the observation bias.
I'll apologize for the generalization,
I'm sorry, but
it could be that one's more passive
and one's more controlling,
regardless of...
No matter what you say, Lizette, they're always going to just...
Regardless of your gender, I'm just saying, you know,
some couples, I've met a lot of couples in my life,
some people are more passive,
and of the two, one's more passive,
one could be more passive, one could be more
controlling. I'll say could as
not to generalize.
Versatile is the word.
Not everybody is versatile, unfortunately,
but okay, sure, let's go with that.
It's almost as if these relationships
aren't defined by the sexualities
of the parties. Exactly!
You're absolutely right.
That's why I apologize for the generalization,
but could it not be...
Could it not be...
Would it not be...
What?
You're digging yourself a hole.
Would it be a bad...
Okay, if you're going to make your...
Wait a second, hold on.
I think they want you to let it go.
All I wanted to say was that if you had...
When Adam Goldberg is heckling you,
that is an indictment.
All right, let's play some D&D Spencer, shall we?
I'd like to revisit the last topic.
No, no.
Last time on Harmontown, D.
And D.
After leaving the frozen city of
Farnheim and plunging into
an icy canyon to the north,
our heroes managed
to avoid the chilling effects
of nature through a combination
of theatrics and magical resistances
to cold weather.
Having bargained for the fragments of power...
Having bargained...
Having bargained away the fragments of power
for Sharpie's life and as well as
the detachment of summoned skeletons,
the band was merry and in great spirits
until they heard a noise behind them.
It was Yerch.
Yes, the urine-soaked knoll was back
and warned of a demonic outpost just beyond.
A massive wall jammed into the ice,
guarded by monsters and demons.
The party taunted and ambushed
some of the gate guards, causing the black gate
to open and a massive ogre
bearing archers on its back
lumbered out.
After a painful prostate
stimulation by Mulraine's tree token
and a volley of fireballs
and other flaming backpacks,
Quark got into the ogre's pants.
A few more flaming bolts to the brainstem
and the ogre was down.
That's pretty much it.
Alright, thank you for that.
So yeah, you just killed that ogre.
Is the gate still open right now?
Yeah, you've just killed the ogre
and you stand at the open gate through the icy canyon.
There's some guards
and demons remaining on this gate
but they're kind of up a few stories
tall and it's open right now.
Do they look like they're trying to stop us
or are they like, oh shit, they killed an ogre.
We're not going to mess with them.
They look like they're off balance
and as I'm speaking this is happening
they start to tumble and fall off the gate
as it starts to swing wider open.
But now you see all these dudes
kind of plummeting from the gate onto the icy floor
and they're just hitting the ground.
Crunch.
Smash.
Splat.
Nope, damn it.
Let's go through the gate you guys.
Let's do it.
Skeleton army, hold.
Alright.
You head forward.
Have we lost any skeletons?
Do we still have the full complement of skeletons?
They were kind of scarce in the ogre battle.
I don't think you lost any.
So you're heading up this icy slope
beyond this gate
and you can see at the top of the slope
the reflection of the sun is kind of
blinding you and making it hard to see forward.
Be blind now.
We're blind?
Nah, you just can't see very well.
Can we have an estimation of how high it goes?
It's just into the abyss.
You would if you weren't so blinded.
Son of a bitch.
Yeah.
Can I send Avenger up
as the weather quelled a little bit?
Yeah, yeah.
Avenger, go straight up
and spy.
You send Avenger straight up
to spy.
And after some time
he comes back.
He gives you a look that says
I went up there and what I saw
I can't really repeat except I can.
It was a bunch of demons.
It was like an army of demons
and demonic creatures all standing outside
this big black fox who's the black keep.
See?
Is your bird
kind of a gangster
for like a...
Yeah.
Shit.
Avenger saw a bunch of
there's an army of demons on the other side of this gate.
How many?
An army.
An army of demons.
Yep.
Over 10, Avenger?
Over 10.
Under 40?
Under 40.
So is this like the main black fortress
where supposedly Animal Dark Star is?
Who are you talking to?
My party members.
Yes.
Right? Yeah.
This is the black keep, right?
Yeah.
Do we have a large enough army?
We have us and 40 skeletons
and if there's to be tons of them.
Less than 40.
Less than 40. More than 10.
Doesn't seem like we're in a good position.
We can take them.
Mulrainee feels confident about this.
I think we need someone in our party
who has the sexuality type
to plan this attack.
And the rest of us
could be a little more laid back about it.
I'm not saying that the only woman
should be the one that plans the attack.
I'm just saying that it tends to be the woman
that wants to plan attacks.
I think it should be
you.
Oh, really? Yeah.
Are you a master strategist?
I'm a barbarian.
My strategy is going to be to run in there
willy-nilly and go in there and just start kicking ass.
That sounds terrible.
But you have a sensitivity in your eyes.
Well, thank you.
I mean,
I'm going to knock on the gate.
We're already through the gate.
What do you mean through it?
The gate's open.
We're through the gate.
I'm not a visual learner.
Big Hill.
Auditory.
Fortress.
I guess you're a caveman learner.
I organized the skeleton army
into a hoplite.
Like a chevron-shaped
attack formation.
Sure, a chevron.
A phalanx.
Different, but similar.
Yeah, really different.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, yeah, a lot more accurate than phalanx.
Okay, a hoplite.
Yeah, that happens.
They're arranged.
March, I say March.
You say March.
And we start walking up the slope.
I guess we should stay behind the skeletons.
Yeah, definitely. Let the skeletons go in there first.
Oh, right.
Tyler's worried about Christopher.
Christopher, what was it?
Nothing, no. I was like, yeah, you're right. Let's stay behind them.
Okay, let's do it.
So we march behind our formation of skeletons.
All right, the sun's blinding, as I said.
So you can kind of see the skeletons crest over the hill.
They're ahead of you, right?
Yes, correct.
Yeah, they're ahead of you and you see them.
They go over the hill and they disappear.
So they're at the top of this place.
And from far off, from farther away
than if you were closer, for instance,
you hear a voice.
A voice.
A familiar and chilling.
I mean, not really chilling.
Voice calls out.
You seek to lay siege to the Ziggurat, Mark II.
Well, let's see if you can take care of my welcome party.
Their hospitality is...
Dietic!
See, that's PCP.
Yeah.
Their hospitality is...
Shall we say, less than hospitable?
That's the more clever version.
Yeah, I did a flurry right on it.
Wait, whose voice was that?
That's Emerald Darkstar, if...
Oh, shit, yeah.
If I know anything.
I didn't hear a thing that was said because I was so dazzled by that.
I love looking at Spencer's eyes while he does that voice.
Did you see him vibrate?
They're just dead eyes.
No wonder he's so evil with a voice like that.
Yeah, he probably got teased a lot.
What was the upshot of what he said?
You dare to assail the Ziggurat, Mark II.
That's the upshot?
And here's a welcoming committee, but in air quotes.
Okay.
Can we send Avenger up there and have him flip off?
People are like, let's go in there and let's do it.
We're going to march the skeletons.
He knows we're coming, that's why he said that stuff.
Onward.
So as you crest the ill, you see all those demons that I was previously mentioning.
Let's see about those demons I was previously mentioning.
Standing in front of the black keep, blocking the ice road towards it,
is a sizable demonic force.
You see about 30 of those sliming yellow oozy demons that I've mentioned in previous encounters.
As well as 10 tall skinny knights clad in black armor.
You also see two purple porco demons.
Those are massive demonic porcupines.
As well as a massive red demon standing head and shoulders above the tallest of the dark knights.
They stand blocking the road, glaring at you as if daring you to challenge them.
However, we don't seize your skeleton army.
What?
Aw, great.
They just, they de-camped? What happened?
Well, that's what happens when you send a force to some place you can't see.
We were right behind them.
I mean, you were marching right behind them.
Yeah, now they're gone?
Yeah.
I, I, I, I call out, you, you, you.
Skeletons!
These skeletons aren't the most talkative, but yet you don't hear anything.
I mean, and so you don't hear anything.
Fuck you and your teeth?
Nothing?
No.
Wait, so they're just gone?
You don't see them. I mean, so they would appear gone.
Merage.
Alright, well, we can,
Oh, you see, it might be like some sort of mirage kind of thing.
Yeah, well, we keep marching forward.
I mean, yeah.
You feel the ice. Give way below your feet.
You plunge.
Shit, downward.
I bet there's some skeletons down there.
Do I get a balance check before I go tumbling to my death?
Nah, you more just kind of tumble.
Son of a bitch.
Yeah.
As you will.
Just watch Princess Bride this weekend.
It's a great movie.
Yeah.
You fall down, down, down through the icy floor and down, down, down,
landing in a dark, icy, cold place on a crunchy pile of bones.
Man, Ted, Steve, Laquisha.
Number nine.
You notice you're all separated.
You don't see your friends.
So we're all alone?
You're all in separate rooms.
Quark.
Sharpey.
All right.
Ah, Coco.
Christenburg.
Yeah.
Quark.
Can we, Quark?
Can we see each other?
Just very, very faintly.
You can't see in the darkness, either.
So it's dark and there's bones around us?
Yeah.
Are these presumably our skeleton army?
Oops.
I take a bone and I wrap a part of my pantaloon.
I rip part of my robe off real sexy-like.
Wrap it around a bone.
Fuck it, I just light a torch.
I try to make a torch out of a bone for a while and then I just like,
you know what, they don't make them like they do at the store.
You're in a chamber.
It's a stone chamber except one of the walls is made of ice.
There's a hole in the ceiling presumably where you fell through.
And then there's a big iron circular door before you.
That's all you see other than the skeletons.
Before all of us?
I mean, yeah, that's what you all see, I guess.
I have low light vision so I can see that too.
I have goggles.
Oh yeah, the goggles of night.
So all the skeletons are just dead?
No, I mean they're not.
Oh.
Skeletons.
Well, they're undead.
Is there any way to make them reassemble or is it just like, sorry?
That happens.
Hey, reassemble, skeletons.
Woo!
I try to open my eyes.
I try to open my door.
Hey, Quark!
Yeah?
Tell your skeletons that they're cool to get back up.
Hey, everybody get up.
Oh, they all get up.
Okay.
I say to my skeletons, looks like you hated it.
I feel like I'd be like, why we got to fight like this if they said that?
Like if that happened, if I was quicker on the uptake and that happened to me with a waiter,
I'd be like, why you got to be like that?
I don't know.
There's no winning.
Yeah.
What if you just hit him?
That'd be winning.
Because the day hit them, they had to wait on my table.
They're already bummed out.
It's a sad situation for everybody.
What if you just stare at them and maintain unblinking eye contact?
I mean, these are all just things like, I'm not going to condition.
I'm saying like, they have to stop.
We can't come up with ways to make them miserable in response.
It's not miserable.
Just make them go, maybe I shouldn't have said that.
Maybe I should think about saying that in the future.
Maybe I should become a better person in general.
If I can accomplish that with a stare, I've done something right.
Maybe if I care enough about it, I'll bring literature.
That's like how they can opt out of saying that.
Leave it on the table.
Just so you know, you don't have to do a bit when you see crumbs on the plate.
You feel like they're calling you fat when they say that?
No, no, honestly, not.
I just think it's like a tiny little example of how we just kind of had these habits that
were just kind of like, you know, just catch phrases and got milks, too much
information and things.
But that's an example of one that kind of like, in that tiny little split second
moment, just like confusion and anxiety happen.
Never happiness, ever.
Yeah.
But sometimes also you're talking to somebody who kind of feels bad that they've
just mowed down a fucking bucket of chicken.
You know, there's that, too, I guess.
There aren't even bowens left on the plate.
You must have hated it.
What restaurant are you going to where you eat a bucket of chicken?
What are you like?
This is like a Comic-Con panel.
You're just going to catch me in a...
How's the kutcher?
All right.
So one of the doors, walls is made of ice, right?
Yeah, yeah.
You were opening a door, right?
Yeah, I tried to open the door.
Yeah.
So you open the iron door and it swings forth.
And inside you see a large gray skinned humanoid creature with blazing eyes and large
ram's horns.
He gives a mighty do-raw roar and then closes the door.
Oh, you found the men's room.
I wouldn't go in there if I were you.
Can I try opening my door?
Yeah.
Is it the same guy?
No.
This door opens into a larger icy chamber and flitting around said icy chamber is a
small blue imp flying around on bat wings as a whole.
Okay.
Yeah.
Behind him you can see a staircase going upwards.
Okay.
I yell at the imp.
I'm like, hey!
Why are we?
What are you doing?
Stop that.
Come here.
Talk to me.
What are you doing?
You guys can hear that faintly.
Okay.
It doesn't respond to you though.
Is that you, Christopher?
Yeah, there's this blue shithead flying around in this room.
I don't know what he's doing.
There's a big horn-faced guy outside my door.
He looks like an asshole.
I'm just hanging out.
This sucks, you guys!
Open your door and see what's out there, Malrain and Sharpie.
May I open my door?
You may.
I would like to open the door.
Okay.
You open the door and it swings open.
Inside you can see a horrendous assortment of rusted metal blades on rusted metal poles.
As the door opens, you hear a clacking as the metallic limbs begin to move and sputter.
And several of them fly out of the door, lunging at you.
May I use my...
Perfect step.
May I use my flaming armor to melt the metal?
Yeah, so these limbs kind of lunge out, but they miss you as you activate.
Did I miss something awesome?
Someone said, use your perfect skin to open the door.
That's pretty good.
Anyway, yeah, and then you activate your flaming armor and it starts to kind of melt these things a little bit.
Not melt so much as make them red hot, but it's kind of inflicting some sort of, I mean, melting.
It's definitely increasing the temperature.
Let's say that.
You almost set damage.
Almost.
Oh, it's doing damage too.
But only eight.
Not bad for it doing nothing.
Well, I mean, it didn't do nothing. It did eight damage.
Sharpie, what's outside your door?
Did you see any of the stuff on the walls too?
The walls are made of ice.
Like, the other walls are made of stone except for these ice walls.
Okay, I go up to my door.
I'm just going to give it a little open.
You know what?
A big open.
It swings open and reveals several frozen, intact corpses.
They look like adventurers.
Their bodies are adorned in fine items and equipments.
Jackpot.
And, of course, a tragedy.
What kind of fine items do I just procure them?
Sure.
You procure four cloaks of resistance, four rings of protection, two boots of wintry might,
and a patch of pigeon apache.
Two boots of spry springing, one rod of frost.
Wait, I want that one. Dibs on that one instead.
One mighty greatsword, one whisper bow, and one assassin's ribbon-decker.
Well, I want that one. I want that one.
Ribbon-decker.
Is it rechargeable?
Guys, I found a bunch of shit!
Hey, I want dibs on some of that.
I got a big horn guy outside my door.
I don't care. I got a dagger. Fuck you.
Wait, wow, wow.
You don't have a dagger.
Are we connected?
Soon.
He has a mall. We have to get to him.
Yeah.
Are we connected? Are these ice walls the things that are keeping us from each other?
Who knows, man?
I take my flaming sword and I start slicing at the wall from the direction where I hear
my friend's voices coming from.
You see, Chris de Burgh.
Hey!
I'm just kidding. I didn't really mean to fuck you.
I'm sorry.
How's your dagger?
I don't have it yet.
I keep slicing through the walls until we find...
Mulraine. Mulraine.
Hey!
Oh my god!
Totally fell!
Mulraine, you look great.
You look great. Perfect skin. Oh my god.
I try.
Okay.
Oh, she's a dork.
I learned it from watching you. I learned it from watching you.
I keep slicing until it gets to Sharpie.
Sharpie!
Sharpie, oh my god!
Oh my god!
Oh, hey!
Hey!
Look at all that stuff.
Yeah, yeah.
Looks like you hate it.
How about it, guys?
There's boots of shimmering, knives of plucking.
There are capes of resistance.
Capes of resistance?
Do they have any boots in my size?
I'm a size nine.
I think so.
Okay, nice.
Whoa, they do.
Yay!
That's so convenient.
What are the things we can all share?
There's four of a few things, right?
There's four cloaks of resistance and four rings of protection.
Three?
Resistance, resistance what?
I mean, stuff.
It gives you a bonus on your saving throws.
Versus?
Fun rules.
And what were the weapons?
What?
Oh, weapons.
Mighty Greatsword, Whisperbow, Ribbon Dagger, and a Rot of Frost.
That sounds like one for each of us.
Oh, damn.
I'll do the Rot of Frost.
Weird.
Mulraine probably Whisperbow, right?
Probably.
Yeah, sure.
I have a question about this Ribbon Dagger.
Does it have a long ribbon attached to it in which maybe I could throw it and take it back?
Yeah, that's exactly it.
Oh, my God.
Scarecrow got a brain.
Christopher got a knife with a rope pre-tied to it.
All right.
It's amazing.
And what's the Rot of Frost?
Is that mine?
I would believe that would be mine.
What do I get?
You get the sword.
Mighty Greatsword.
Oh, yeah.
Tell me about the Mighty Greatsword.
It's super mighty.
Hey, guys, I got a Mighty Sword.
That's adorable.
Thank you.
It's, like, bigger than the last one.
All right.
Take it.
Pretty.
How much larger is it than him now?
Like, let's see.
The last one was roughly 25% longer than him.
I would say this one's at least 35% longer than him.
I'd say if you're, like, 3 foot 3 inches, then this one would have to be, you know...
Do the math.
Four foot 2 inches.
All right.
There are ways people can bookmark this part of the podcast, so they can just
skip right to it.
I don't know if that technology exists, but...
All right, if we have to invent it, could I suggest for a name, uh, highlightfinder?
Thrillseeker.
That's...
All right.
And about my rod of.
of...
sense that it cast cold spells, it would take like a day to study it, but once that
day's over, who boy?
And these cloaks of resistance can be donned without me having to choose to take off anything
else, right?
Like I just have my wizardly robes.
You got, yeah, I mean, you have a cape, like your dad's cape, I think those kind are in
the same place.
Can you wear two capes?
I mean, oh, my dad's cape is like it's like a teleportation cape.
Oh, yeah.
It's just not charged or.
No, it recharges once per day and you used it, tried to use it twice per day and forgot
about it.
What, you had a teleportation cape at that time?
In my defense, I finally remembered I had a bird.
How about you grab us all and teleport out of this hole?
Everybody go through your shit, like this, let's all take inventory real quick.
Wait, you had a teleportation cape this whole time?
Yes, Lizette.
Don't you also have a staff that grows so you can climb out on it?
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey, Dan, you're holding out on us, man.
I mean, Sharpie.
Can I remind you guys that the reason you found all this shit is because I forgot I had all
that stuff.
What are you going to say next time?
If we hadn't gotten our asses kicked all five times before now, we wouldn't even be here.
It's called the butterfly theory effect.
Look it up.
I don't know.
I like the way you guys are looking at me.
Hey, that was an Ashton Kutcher movie.
Yeah, Ashton Kutcher reference.
There you go.
All right.
I want to take that climbing rod that I have that should we get out of here over to beneath
the hole that I fell through?
Yeah.
Wait, but that doesn't leave our skeleton behind.
There's a staircase behind the blue.
Should we check this out before we go?
We need our skeletons anyway.
We can't.
We have them.
Okay.
We told them to get up.
We rally our skeletons.
We walk through Chris de Burgh's door towards the blue staircase.
Yeah.
It's like the least threatening.
What happens?
Oh, that's me.
I walk into the room with the blue, but I say, hey, shithead, I brought my friends.
Come on.
Yeah.
So he's still flitting around on those bat wings, still on the other side of the chamber
is that staircase.
As I mentioned.
God damn it.
He's spinning around like a top and midair.
It causes a rapid wind to whip up and it starts blowing around the room.
Soon chunks of ice and snow are beginning to be lifted up off the floor and the walls.
They're pulling off the walls and they're flying towards the demon and casing them in
ice and snow that keeps building up and building up until it looks like a giant snowflake
floating around the air.
We should kill that thing.
You said it was putting it.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
You referenced the demon.
So there's this blue imp demon.
Oh, okay.
It's a thing.
Okay.
I see.
So he's sucking in elements and turning into this other thing.
Now he's a snowflake.
Yeah.
Now he's a giant snowflake.
Hold on.
Like non-conflict resolution for a moment.
Okay.
I tried.
He didn't listen to me.
No, no, no.
We all know.
I saw the subreddit.
Everyone jacking you off.
You're the best D&D player in the world.
You did very well.
Sorry.
I try to do more terrible.
Am I trying to show you up there?
I'm expressing my jealousy.
I'm just saying.
I love you.
I kneel in front of the snowflake and I say in three different languages, hello.
That's how you do it, Tyler.
Wait.
Does one of us have, one of us, amelot of frost.
That's one of us.
Me.
You.
Maybe you can like stop it.
You can control the ice.
Can you stop this terrible thing from happening?
I can calm and intensify hail, sleet and snow.
You can calm this piece of thing before it kills us.
Let's see what happens with his hello.
We'll go first.
You see a central spot in the middle of the snowflake, kind of glue blue.
Yeah.
That means hello back.
Who knows, man?
You don't speak so much.
Amelot of winter to calm this thing.
It's flown in the air.
You use your amulet and it continues to float in the air.
I say to it, I don't know if you can communicate with us, but I'm making the assumption that
you, like us, are prisoners in this dungeon, that you ran afoul of Admiral Darkstar and
that you might be able to help us defeat him.
It's the central spot and it's a, you know, center of mass kind of turns red and it starts
spinning around like a saw blade.
All right, I guess, let's kill it.
Yeah.
Krista Burke.
Yeah, let's kill it.
Use that ribbon thing you got.
Oh yeah.
I want to, can I throw my dagger at it with the ribbon on it?
I want to use the ribbon dagger.
Okay.
Just, yeah.
Use that ribbon dagger.
You've never used one of these before.
Okay.
So you're not, you're not the, the most experienced, shittier versions of that before.
Yeah.
I'm all over it.
It's fun.
They got different weights.
That's how this stuff works.
Anyway, it does hit him.
For anyone wondering.
Can I pull it back?
Yeah, yeah, that happens.
I want to do that.
You deal one damage.
Yeah.
Suck it, nerd.
Mighty far sword attack.
I think you have your far sword for the day used up.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Let's just, I take out my, is it floating in the air above me?
You might be able to jump up there, but it'll be a bit of an exertion.
You want a boost?
Yeah.
I get on top of Krista Burke's shoulders and we run like a chicken fight.
I go in there wielding my new sword and say, take a piece of this, snowflake.
I heard you're not the same as all of your counterparts, but the pain I inflict will
be identical.
I give a thumbs up to Sharpie.
I'm workshopping it.
By the time I get there, have the joke punched up.
I throw my, my snowflake related quips to a room, a writer's room.
Your clips get workshopped as you're given this thumbs up that kind of throws off your
chicken stack of adventurers balance and you just kind of topple to the ground.
It's hard to balance and thumbs up and stab people.
Okay.
I run back and regroup.
Yeah.
Oh shit.
Okay.
May I do something?
Yep.
Yeah.
You want to throw arrows at the snowflake?
You don't want to throw arrows.
That's a bad idea.
Use your bow.
Use your new bow.
Wait.
You don't know what it is yet.
Whisper bow.
Yeah.
You should try your new bow.
Why are we whispering?
I don't want to talk about it.
I can't hear what's happening.
May I use my whisper bow to throw three fire arrows at the snowflake?
Your whisper bow can only fire two arrows.
That's fine.
I'm not, I'm not picky.
You want to make them flaming arrows?
Yes, please.
Yes.
One of your arrows strikes, hitting its mark, mark being the snowflake in this instance.
It deals seven damage.
Nice.
All right.
Yeah.
You see some of the ice kind of melt and drip off onto the floor.
That's what fire does to ice.
Sharpie.
Scorching ray.
It strikes directly in its center of mass in that glowing red eyeball part I was mentioning.
Sweet.
And it deals 13 damage.
Yes.
All right.
It continues its rapid spinning and it kind of spins around the whole room, attempting
to slice into your torso slash midsections.
I mean, what did you expect?
Not that.
I tried to make friends with it.
I don't even know.
So Mulraine and Christopher each get struck.
No.
And they each take, well, Christopher takes 12 damage.
And Mulraine takes six.
Oh, fuck.
Dirty eyes.
This isn't, it's fine.
It's fine.
You're all cut up.
That's your fault.
Yeah.
I've got to, I've listened.
Try the ribbon dagger again.
You're getting good at it.
It did one damage.
This doesn't seem like.
You're getting good at it.
It's like a slap machine.
It's going to pay off now.
You got it warmed up.
This is the worst idea.
Yeah.
Let's just do the ribbon dagger again.
Why not?
What could go wrong?
Critical hit.
Fine.
Whatever, you guys, whatever.
Dealing four damage.
Yeah.
We use the term critical loosely here.
Is that me?
I put it at you.
Okay.
I get back on Christopher shoulders.
I go, let's try this again.
One more time.
All right.
What's my line?
I need a snowflake line.
Oh, shit.
Chill out.
Okay.
I get on.
Thank you.
I get on Christopher shoulders and I take out my flaming sword and I kind of spur him
like he's a horse.
Don't fuck.
Why?
What are you doing?
It's lightly, you know.
Shit.
I'm running.
Sorry.
We start running at him and I say, chill out.
An attack with my flaming sword.
Your attack hits, or, I don't know.
I'll leave.
Wow.
Yeah.
Your attack lands a lot better than your bad pun.
Or your delivery.
Or my execution of that attempt of joked.
Or that execution.
Dealing 14 damage.
14.
Yeah.
You see a chunk of ice kind of fall off of his body and I get snowflake into the ground.
Hmm.
Yeah.
So this is if it's made of ice.
How much of it is left?
Most of it.
Shit.
I say, as I keep writing on Christopher and as I look back with my sword in the air, I
welcome to melt down.
I throw him onto the ground.
I like that one.
Putting it at Mulraine's turn.
Can I try to talk to this snowflake?
Yeah.
We've already determined that communication has failed.
At least Dan, Dan trying to talk to his fail.
I don't know.
Yeah, that's a really weird.
Can I try speaking it in elf?
Yeah.
Maybe it's an elvish snowflake.
Yeah, go for it.
Say an elf.
Can you tell it?
Can you tell?
What?
Can you please tell the snowflake?
I think it's very pretty.
As you begin speaking in elven, the snowflake doesn't respond.
The whisper bow, however, does and you can see there's runes on its surface.
You couldn't notice before.
They're beginning to glow and light up as you respond to your elven speech.
In your face, Christopher.
Whatever.
The snowflake is an elvish.
That was my...
There's kind of a new will they won't they kind of element going on here.
Yeah.
It's kind of a weird salmon, Diane, sexual attention here.
I think the gay people in the audience want to know in this relationship who would be...
Who would plan the wedding?
He certainly dresses better than I do.
I don't know.
It's touching to barrel that call back.
It's still your turn though.
You're just talking an elvish so that doesn't take up a turn.
Whisper to your bow and elven and make its arrows fly true.
May I use one more arrow to...
You can shoot too.
It's a new turn.
Oh, great.
Two new arrow flaming arrows on my whisper bow, please.
Yeah.
You fired the flaming arrows from your whisper bow.
Both of them strike their mark, plunging deep into the snowflake.
We're fighting a snowflake.
Yeah, you are.
Dealing 33 damage.
You should talk to your bow more.
Clearly, that was what did it, talking to your bow.
Yeah, you're right.
I got this.
They strike into the snowflake and it bursts into flame and kind of melts and you see a
charred imp kind of plop to the floor.
Yeah.
Then your bow kind of fades in color, like goes back to normal.
I walk up to the imp and I say, I used to fuck you.
I used to fuck you?
Yeah, I didn't want to say I used to see you because we already saw him.
I used to meet you.
I used to beat you.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown.
I used to beat all of you.
One more time for Tyler and Lisette, everybody.
Thank you, Tyler.
Thank you, Lisette.
Spencer Crittenden.
Thank you, sir.
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for your mayor, Dan Harmon.
Shout out to Spencer's mom who's also here.
Spencer's mom is here.
Spencer's mom's here.
Yeah, I love Spencer's mom.
Thank you all.
We love you.
Good night.